Modify rule S6481: Adapt to LaYC (#2254)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6481/javascript/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

Whenever the `value` property of React Context changes, React will rerender the Context and all its child nodes and Consumers. 

> Because each Javascript object carries its identity, object or function expressions get a new identity every run. These should not be used as Context `value` because React will always consider they have changed. This can significantly impact performance since React will scan the component tree to find consumers and rerender the provider.

Reviewer: What is `every run` in the first sentence?

Author: every execution of the expression? don't know how to put it more clear

[source,javascript]
----
function Component() {
  return (

>     <SomeContext.Provider value={{foo: 'bar'}}> { /* Noncompliant: value is an object expression */ }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <SomeContext.Provider value={{foo: 'bar'}}> { /* Noncompliant: value is an object literal */ }
```

      <SomeComponent />
    </SomeContext.Provider>
  );
}
----

To avoid additional rerenders wrap the value in a `useMemo` hook. Use the `useCallback()` hook if the value is a function.

[source,javascript]
----
function Component() {

>   const foo = useMemo(() => ({foo: 'bar'}), []); { /* Compliant: value is cached by useMemo */ }

Reviewer: rename variable so that property and variable name are not the same

>   const foo = useMemo(() => ({foo: 'bar'}), []); { /* Compliant: value is cached by useMemo */ }

Reviewer: why comment is in the curly braces?

Author: typo

  return (

>     <SomeContext.Provider value={foo}>

Reviewer: I would better have compliant comment here (while leaving `/* value is cached by useMemo */ ` where it's now)

> Providing values like an object to a React `Context` will provoke additional re-renders as

Reviewer: `like an object`? very scientific :D Could we be more precise?

> React doesn't know the object is the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React doesn't know the value is the same.
```

}
----

> This can significantly impact performance since the whole component tree will be re-rendered each time.

Reviewer: Is it intentional to have these 2 sentences in one paragraph? IMHO I would split and move the first one to the previous paragraph as before.

> Wrapping the value in a `useMemo` hook will avoid additional render passes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid additional render passes wrap the value in a `useMemo` hook.
```

> [source,javascript]

Reviewer: add compliant comment
